README.md, before:

# A domain adviser app built with Node.js, typescript, postgres and a third party api service

## Requirements

- Node 14
- Git
- Docker

## Notes

- Note 1: Make sure to rename .env.example to .env
- Note 2: This repository includes the postman collection for the finished API
- Note 3: Application will run with `docker-compose up -d --build` command as it creates containers for both the node-app & postgres-db.
- Note 4: But you can also run with `yarn dev`. In that case you have to run the postgres-db first. (commmand is in below)

## Git clone

Clone the repo and install the dependencies.

```
git clone https://github.com/nazmoonnoor/domain-adviser-api.git
cd domain-adviser-api
```

### Install node dependencies

- `yarn install`

### Build docker containers

- `docker-compose up -d --build`

### Common commands to build and shutdown the docker containers

- `docker-compose up -d --build && docker-compose logs -f` => build with logs
- `docker-compose down` => shutdown containers.
- `docker-compose down -d -v` => shutdown containers including volume.

## docker-compose command to run only the postgres-db

- `docker-compose up -d --build db`

## pg commands

- `docker exec -it domain_adviser_db /bin/sh`
  After running db migration
- `psql -U postgres domain_adviser_db`
- `\q` => quit pg shell
- `\l` => list db
- `\dt` => list database

## Available commands

    `yarn dev` to run the app.
    `yarn build` will build the app for production
    `yarn prod` to run app on production
    `yarn test` will run all tests with jest test-runner
    `test:watch` to live test
    `test:coverage` to jest coverages
    `lint` with eslint
    `lint:fix` fix the lint issues

## Note: if you ruy the application using docker container and "Create domain" endpoint throws a 403 exception, on Docker settings, try to update DNS setting 8.8.8.8

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53434581/unable-to-call-external-api-from-webaplication-hosted-in-docker

Commit message:

refactor: remove unused libraries and updated the README.md

README.md, after:

# A domain adviser api built with Node.js, typescript, postgres and a third party api service

## Goals

- Using docker and add a docker-compose, so that the project can be run in any machine with little effort.
- Useing eslint/prettier so that a team can pick the solution and easily follow good coding convensions.

## Requirements

- Node 14
- Git
- Docker

## Notes

- Note 1: This repository includes the postman collection for the finished API
- Note 2: Application will run with `docker-compose up -d --build` command as it creates docker containers for both the node-app & postgres-db.
- Note 3: Docker compose has worked as expected. But incase it has issue, run the setup without docker. In that case you have to change .env file based on your postgres setup.

## Git clone

Clone the repo and install the dependencies.

```
git clone https://github.com/nazmoonnoor/domain-adviser-api.git
cd domain-adviser-api
```

## Setup steps

- Make a copy or rename .env.example to .env which have all the environment variable. Update SCANADVISER_KEY.
- Run `docker-compose up -d --build`
- Use `docker-compose down -d -v` to remove services

### Setup steps (without docker-compose)

- `yarn install`
- `yarn dev`
- Install postgres-db and change .env file based on your environment values.

### Run use cases with Postman collection

- Postman collection and environment json has been share on root folder. Please download them and import to postman.
- `/healthcheck` to verify service availability
- Run `/run-migrations` to create db tables
- Create domain, pass a URL to the service. Example payload is given with the collection.
- Get domain by url, will return already stored results of a domain, so that changes over time can be seen.
- Get domain by dates, with start and end date it will return stored results from db.

## Docker container - pg commands

- `docker exec -it domain_adviser_db /bin/sh`
  After running db migration
- `psql -U postgres domain_adviser_db`

## Available commands

    `yarn dev` to run the app.
    `yarn build` will build the app for production
    `yarn prod` to run app on production
    `yarn test` will run all tests with jest test-runner
    `test:watch` to live test
    `test:coverage` to jest coverages
    `lint` with eslint
    `lint:fix` fix the lint issues
